Update docs for advanced APIs (#9308)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

await previewServer.stop();
```

#### `PreviewServer`

```ts
export interface PreviewServer {
	host?: string;
	port: number;
	closed(): Promise<void>;
	stop(): Promise<void>;
}
```

> ##### `host`
> 
> The host where the server is listening on.
> 
> Adapters are allowed to leave this field unset, the semantics of that are implementation-specific.
> 
> ##### `port`
> 
> The port where the server is listening on.
> 
> ##### `closed`
> 
> Returns a Promise that will resolve once the server is closed and reject if an error happens on the server.
> 
> ##### `stop`
> 
> Signals the preview server to close, stop accepting requests and drop idle connections.
> 
> The returned promise resolves when that signal is sent.
> 
> :::caution
> Contrary to the [`DevServer`](#devserver), awaiting the promise returned by this `stop()` method does not ensure that the server has completely closed. The adapter in use _may_ provide that guarantee, but it is not required. Instead the equivalent of calling `await devServer.stop()` is:
> ```ts
> await previewServer.stop();
> await previewServer.closed();
> ```
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `host`

The host where the server is listening for connections.

Adapters are allowed to leave this field unset. The value of `host` is implementation-specific.

##### `port`

The port where the server is listening for connections.

##### `stop()`

Asks the preview server to close, stop accepting requests, and drop idle connections.

The returned `Promise` resolves when the close request has been sent. This does not mean that the server has closed yet. Use the [`closed()`](#closed) method if you need to ensure the server has fully closed.

##### `closed()`

Returns a `Promise` that will resolve once the server is closed and reject if an error happens on the server.
```
